# QuizShowGPT

## QuizShowGPT is a game that fuses AI large language learning model with Jeopardy style quiz shows!

## How it works
- This app uses OpenAI's ChatGPT to generate questions for a game of Jeopardy.
- User can enter custom categories for ChatGPT to use when creating questions. If the user enters less than 5 or no categories, the game will generate categories for you.
- There are 2 rounds, with a leaderboard in netween rounds.
- The score and questions data is stored in the browser's window session so any accidental refresh will not result in a new call to OpenAI.
- Make sure to click the current player's scoreboard so the score is added to the correct player.

## Coming soon:
- Refresh button that allows user to regenerate the board if the questions are bad
- Database functionality so save good questions boards
- user feedback for good/bad game boards to improve results from ChatGPT

## Dev notes
- Be aware that some of the information generated by ChatGPT may be incorrect (I know, not really ideal for a trivia game right?) ChatGPT is constantly evolving and getting better at responding to prompts, so keep that in mind!
- ChatGPT has a limited understanding of the world over the last few years.
- More vague categories may result in easier questions
- Hyper-specific questions may result in less in-depth questions
- Be aware that the idea of Jeopardy is to have increasingly difficult questions as the point value gets higher, but ChatGPT is hit-or-miss when it comes to scaling difficulty of the questions. ie the 1000 point question may be easier than the 200 point question.
